docs: Updated Fluent Bit docs to use official plugin + Sandbox (#14004)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/send-data/fluentbit/_index.md

#### Configuration file (Alternative to command line arguments)

Create a configuration file `fluent-bit.conf` with the following content:

```conf
[INPUT]
    Name   docker_events

[OUTPUT]
    Name   loki
    Match  *
    Host   loki
    Port   3100
    Labels agent=fluent-bit,env=docker
```

Run Fluent Bit with the configuration file:

```bash
docker run -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock -v $(pwd)/fluent-bit.conf:/fluent-bit/etc/fluent-bit.conf fluent/fluent-bit:latest /fluent-bit/bin/fluent-bit -c /fluent-bit/etc/fluent-bit.conf
```

### Kubernetes

The recommended way to collect logs from Kubernetes with Fluent Bit is to use the helm chart provided by the Fluent Bit project. The helm chart is available at [https://github.com/fluent/helm-charts](https://github.com/fluent/helm-charts).

Here is an example of how to deploy the Fluent Bit helm chart to collect logs from Kubernetes and send them to Loki:

> 1. Add the Fluent Bit helm repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the Fluent Bit Helm repository:
```

   
```bash
helm repo add fluent https://fluent.github.io/helm-charts
```
1. Create a `values.yaml` file with the following content:

```yaml
config:
    outputs: |
        [OUTPUT]
            Name        loki
            Match       *

>             Host        logs-prod-eu-west-0.grafana.net

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Host        YourHost.Company.net
```

            port        443
            tls         on
            tls.verify  on
            http_user   XXX
            http_passwd XXX
            Labels agent=fluend-bit
```

Note we are only updating the `outputs` section of the Fluent Bit configuration. This is to replace the default output plugin with the Loki output plugin. If you need to update other parts of the Fluent Bit configuration checkout the [Fluent Bit values file reference](https://github.com/fluent/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/fluent-bit/values.yaml).

> 1. Deploy the Fluent Bit helm chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the Fluent Bit Helm chart:
```

---
title: Fluent Bit
menuTitle:  Fluent Bit
description: Provides instructions for how to install, configure, and use the Fluent Bit client to send logs to Loki.
aliases: 
- ../clients/fluentbit/
weight:  500
---
# Fluent Bit

[Fluent Bit](https://fluentbit.io/) is a fast, lightweight logs and metrics agent. It is a CNCF graduated sub-project under the umbrella of Fluentd. Fluent Bit is licensed under the terms of the Apache License v2.0.

When using Fluent Bit to ship logs to Loki, you can define which log files you want to collect using the [`Tail`](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/inputs/tail) or [`Stdin`](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/inputs/standard-input) data pipeline input. Additionally, Fluent Bit supports multiple `Filter` and `Parser` plugins (`Kubernetes`, `JSON`, etc.) to structure and alter log lines.

There are two Fluent Bit plugins for Loki: 

> 1. The integrated `loki` [plugin]({{< relref "./fluent-bit-plugin.md" >}}), which is officially maintained by the Fluent Bit project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The integrated `loki` [plugin](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/<LOKI_VERSION>/send-data/fluentbit/fluent-bit-plugin/), which is officially maintained by the Fluent Bit project.
```

> 2. The `grafana-loki` [plugin]({{< relref "./community-plugin.md" >}}), an alternative community plugin by Grafana Labs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The `grafana-loki` [plugin](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/<LOKI_VERSION>/send-data/fluentbit/community-plugin/), an alternative community plugin by Grafana Labs.
```

We recommend using the `loki` plugin as this provides the most complete feature set and is actively maintained by the Fluent Bit project.

## Tutorial

> To get started with the `loki` plugin, follow the [Sending logs to Loki using Fluent Bit tutorial]({{< relref "./fluent-bit-loki-tutorial.md" >}}). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with the `loki` plugin, follow the [Sending logs to Loki using Fluent Bit tutorial](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/<LOKI_VERSION>/send-data/fluentbit/fluent-bit-loki-tutorial/). 
```
